Added new data source `azurerm_data_factory` (#4517)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/data_factory.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_factory"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-data-factory-x"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Data Factory (Version 2).
---

# Data Source: azurerm_data_factory

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Data Factory (Version 2).

## Example Usage

```hcl

data "azurerm_data_factory" "example" {
  name            = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.name}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.resource_group_name}"
}

output "data_factory_id" {

> value = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.id}"

Reviewer: minor nit 🙃

```suggestion
  value = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.id}"
```

}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Data Factory to retrieve information about. 

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the Data Factory exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Data Factory ID.

* `location` - The Azure location where the resource exists.

* `github_configuration` - A `github_configuration` block as defined below.

* `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

* `vsts_configuration` - A `vsts_configuration` block as defined below.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.
---

A `github_configuration` block exports the following:

* `account_name` - The GitHub account name.

* `branch_name` - The branch of the repository to get code from.

* `git_url` - The GitHub Enterprise host name. 

* `repository_name` - The name of the git repository.

* `root_folder` - The root folder within the repository.

---

> The `identity` block exports the following:

Reviewer: for consistency with the other blocks:

```suggestion
A `identity` block exports the following:
```

Author: Good catch - there were originally 2 identity block thingies in the resource. Thanks!

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_factory"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-data-factory-x"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Data Factory (Version 2).
---

# Data Source: azurerm_data_factory

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Data Factory (Version 2).

## Example Usage

```hcl

data "azurerm_data_factory" "example" {
  name            = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.name}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.resource_group_name}"
}

output "data_factory_id" {
value = "${azurerm_data_factory.example.id}"
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Data Factory. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Must be globally unique. See the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-factory/naming-rules) for all restrictions.

Reviewer 2: I think we shgould modify this for a data source
```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Data Factory to retrieve information about.
```

Author: Hit undo too many times. Thanks for catching it for me!
